README.md, before:


# Love Birds Relationship Game UI

A relationship-building app that helps couples understand each other better through daily questions, personalized date planning, gift guidance, and more.

## Features

- **Daily Partner Questions**: Answer questions individually, guess your partner's answers, and learn about each other privately
- **7-Day Free Trial**: Comprehensive onboarding with privacy-focused data collection
- **Partner Connection**: Invite code system to connect with your partner
- **Weekly Love Language Suggestions**: Personalized suggestions based on your partner's love language
- **Tailored Dates**: Plan dates for your partner or swipe together to find matches
- **Gift Guidance**: Thoughtful gift ideas based on partner preferences
- **Relationship Tracker**: Never forget important dates with smart reminders
- **Memories (Premium)**: Save photos and journal entries from your relationship

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/pnpm
- Supabase account (free tier works)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd Lovebirdsrelationshipgameui
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. Set up Supabase:
   - Create a new Supabase project at https://supabase.com
   - Go to SQL Editor and run the migrations in order:
     - `supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/002_rls_policies.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/003_update_onboarding_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/004_add_daily_questions.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/005_enhance_memories_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/006_fix_onboarding_responses_rls.sql`
   - Create a storage bucket named `memories` for photo uploads
   - Get your project URL and anon key from Settings > API

4. Create `.env` file in the root directory:
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

5. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

## Database Setup

The app uses Supabase with the following main tables:
- `users` - User profiles and trial tracking
- `relationships` - Partner connections via invite codes
- `onboarding_responses` - Private onboarding data
- `daily_questions` - Daily question generation
- `question_answers` - Private user answers
- `question_guesses` - Private partner guesses
- `love_language_suggestions` - Weekly suggestions
- `date_ideas` - Generated date suggestions
- `date_matches` - Swipe matching results
- `important_dates` - Anniversaries and birthdays
- `memories` - Premium photo/journal entries
- `subscriptions` - Premium feature access

All tables have Row Level Security (RLS) enabled for privacy.

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
pnpm build
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory.

## Project Structure

```
src/
  app/
    components/     # React components
    contexts/       # React contexts (Auth, etc.)
    hooks/          # Custom React hooks
    lib/            # Library setup (Supabase client)
    services/       # API service layer
    types/          # TypeScript type definitions
supabase/
  migrations/       # Database migration files
```

## Privacy & Security

- All sensitive onboarding data is marked private by default
- Partner never sees if guesses were wrong
- No scores or comparisons shared between partners
- Row Level Security (RLS) enforces data isolation
- Encrypted storage for sensitive fields

## License

Private project - All rights reserved

Commit message:

fix: Detect email confirmation and provide clear setup instructions
This commit adds detection for Supabase email confirmation being enabled,
which is the root cause of "No session returned from signup" errors.

Root Cause:
- Email confirmation is enabled in Supabase settings
- signUp() creates user but returns session: null
- Without session, all database requests fail with 401 errors
- RLS policies require authenticated session to work

Changes:
1. authService.signUp():
   - Detect when no session is returned from signup
   - Display clear error message with setup instructions
   - Throw error to prevent continuing without session
   - Add detailed console logging box with step-by-step fix

2. Documentation:
   - Created SUPABASE_SETUP.md with comprehensive setup guide
   - Updated README.md with critical email confirmation warning
   - Added troubleshooting section for common issues
   - Included production checklist

Required Action:
Users must disable email confirmation in Supabase:
Authentication -> Providers -> Email -> Turn OFF "Confirm email"

This is required for the app's immediate onboarding flow to work.

README.md, after:


# Love Birds Relationship Game UI

A relationship-building app that helps couples understand each other better through daily questions, personalized date planning, gift guidance, and more.

## Features

- **Daily Partner Questions**: Answer questions individually, guess your partner's answers, and learn about each other privately
- **7-Day Free Trial**: Comprehensive onboarding with privacy-focused data collection
- **Partner Connection**: Invite code system to connect with your partner
- **Weekly Love Language Suggestions**: Personalized suggestions based on your partner's love language
- **Tailored Dates**: Plan dates for your partner or swipe together to find matches
- **Gift Guidance**: Thoughtful gift ideas based on partner preferences
- **Relationship Tracker**: Never forget important dates with smart reminders
- **Memories (Premium)**: Save photos and journal entries from your relationship

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/pnpm
- Supabase account (free tier works)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd Lovebirdsrelationshipgameui
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. Set up Supabase:
   - Create a new Supabase project at https://supabase.com
   - **CRITICAL:** Disable email confirmation:
     - Go to Authentication -> Providers -> Email
     - Turn OFF "Confirm email"
     - Save changes (required for immediate onboarding)
   - Go to SQL Editor and run the migrations in order:
     - `supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/002_rls_policies.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/003_update_onboarding_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/004_add_daily_questions.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/005_enhance_memories_schema.sql`
     - `supabase/migrations/006_fix_onboarding_responses_rls.sql`
   - Create a storage bucket named `memories` for photo uploads
   - Get your project URL and anon key from Settings > API

   See [SUPABASE_SETUP.md](SUPABASE_SETUP.md) for detailed setup and troubleshooting.

4. Create `.env` file in the root directory:
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

5. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

## Database Setup

The app uses Supabase with the following main tables:
- `users` - User profiles and trial tracking
- `relationships` - Partner connections via invite codes
- `onboarding_responses` - Private onboarding data
- `daily_questions` - Daily question generation
- `question_answers` - Private user answers
- `question_guesses` - Private partner guesses
- `love_language_suggestions` - Weekly suggestions
- `date_ideas` - Generated date suggestions
- `date_matches` - Swipe matching results
- `important_dates` - Anniversaries and birthdays
- `memories` - Premium photo/journal entries
- `subscriptions` - Premium feature access

All tables have Row Level Security (RLS) enabled for privacy.

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
pnpm build
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory.

## Project Structure

```
src/
  app/
    components/     # React components
    contexts/       # React contexts (Auth, etc.)
    hooks/          # Custom React hooks
    lib/            # Library setup (Supabase client)
    services/       # API service layer
    types/          # TypeScript type definitions
supabase/
  migrations/       # Database migration files
```

## Privacy & Security

- All sensitive onboarding data is marked private by default
- Partner never sees if guesses were wrong
- No scores or comparisons shared between partners
- Row Level Security (RLS) enforces data isolation
- Encrypted storage for sensitive fields

## License

Private project - All rights reserved
